[Exporter.Prometheus] Extend test coverage and fix surfaced issues (#7179)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.AspNetCore/CHANGELOG.md

  `PrometheusAspNetCoreOptions`.
  ([#7176](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7176))

* Fixed the serialization of `NaN`, `PositiveInfinity`, and `NegativeInfinity`
  values in Prometheus metrics to be compliant with the specification.
  ([#TODO](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/TODO))

* Fixed loss of precision when serializing `double` and `float` values in
  Prometheus metrics to be compliant with the specification by using 17
  significant digits to represent such values.

>   ([#TODO](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/TODO))

Author: ```suggestion
  ([#7179](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7179))

* Fixed loss of precision when serializing `double` and `float` values in
  Prometheus metrics to be compliant with the specification by using 17
  significant digits to represent such values.
  ([#7179](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7179))
```
